# v2.2

- ðŸŽ‰  **New Features**
	- **Add new peers**: Now you can add peers directly on dashboard, it will generate a pair of private key and public key. You can also set its DNS, endpoint allowed IPs. Both can set a default value in the setting page. [â¤ï¸ in [#44](https://github.com/donaldzou/wireguard-dashboard/issues/44)]
	- **QR Code:** You can add the private key in peer setting of your existed peer to create a QR code. Or just create a new one, dashboard will now be able to auto generate a private key and public key ;) Don't worry, all keys will be generated on your machine, and **will delete all key files after they got generated**. [â¤ï¸ in [#29](https://github.com/donaldzou/wireguard-dashboard/issues/29)]
	- **Peer configuration file download:** Same as QR code, you now can download the peer configuration file, so you don't need to manually input all the details on the peer machine! [â¤ï¸ in [#40](https://github.com/donaldzou/wireguard-dashboard/issues/40)]
	- **Search peers**: You can now search peers by their name.
	- **Autostart on boot:** Added a tutorial on how to start the dashboard to on boot! Please read the [tutorial below](ðŸªœ-Usage.md). [â¤ï¸ in [#29](https://github.com/donaldzou/wireguard-dashboard/issues/29)]
	- **Click to copy**: You can now click and copy all peer's public key and configuration's public key.
- ðŸªš  **Bug Fixed**
	- When there are comments in the wireguard config file, will cause the dashboard to crash.
	- Used regex to search for config files.
- **ðŸ§  Other Changes**
	- Moved all external CSS and JavaScript file to local hosting (Except Bootstrap Icon, due to large amount of SVG files).
	- Updated Python dependencies
		- Flask: `v1.1.2 => v2.0.1`
		- Jinja: `v2.10.1 => v3.0.1`
		- icmplib: `v2.1.1 => v3.0.1`
	- Updated CSS/JS dependencies
		- Bootstrap: `v4.5.3 => v4.6.0`
	- UI adjustment
		- Adjusted how peers will display in larger screens, used to be 1 row per peer, now is 3 peers in 1 row.
