# v3.0.0 - v3.0.6.2

- 🎉  **New Features**
	- **Moved from TinyDB to SQLite**: SQLite provide a better performance and loading speed when getting peers! Also avoided crashing the database due to **race condition**.
	- **Added Gunicorn WSGI Server**: This could provide more stable on handling HTTP request, and more flexibility in the future (such as HTTPS support). **BIG THANKS to @pgalonza :heart:**
	- **Add Peers by Bulk:** User can add peers by bulk, just simply set the amount and click add.
	- **Delete Peers by Bulk**: User can delete peers by bulk, without deleting peers one by one.
	- **Download Peers in Zip**: User can download all *downloadable* peers in a zip.
	- **Added Pre-shared Key to peers:** Now each peer can add with a pre-shared key to enhance security. Previously added peers can add the pre-shared key through the peer setting button.
	- **Redirect Back to Previous Page:** The dashboard will now redirect you back to your previous page if the current session got timed out and you need to sign in again.
	- **Added Some [](🥘-Experimental-Features.md)**

- 🪚  **Bug Fixed**
	- [IP Sorting range issues #99](https://github.com/donaldzou/WGDashboard/issues/99) [❤️ @barryboom]
	- [INvalid character written to tunnel json file #108](https://github.com/donaldzou/WGDashboard/issues/108) [❤️ @ikidd]
	- [Add IPv6 #91](https://github.com/donaldzou/WGDashboard/pull/91) [❤️ @pgalonza]
	- [Added MTU and PersistentKeepalive to QR code and download files #112](https://github.com/donaldzou/WGDashboard/pull/112) [:heart: @reafian]
	- **And many other bugs provided by our beloved users** :heart:
- **🧐  Other Changes**
	- **Key generating moved to front-end**: No longer need to use the server's WireGuard to generate keys, thanks to the `wireguard.js` from the [official repository](https://git.zx2c4.com/wireguard-tools/tree/contrib/keygen-html/wireguard.js)!
	- **Peer transfer calculation**: each peer will now show all transfer amount (previously was only showing transfer amount from the last configuration start-up).
	- **UI adjustment on running peers**: peers will have a new style indicating that it is running.
	- **`wgd.sh` finally can update itself**: So now user could update the whole dashboard from `wgd.sh`, with the `update` command.
	- **Minified JS and CSS files**: Although only a small changes on the file size, but I think is still a good practice to save a bit of bandwidth ;)

*And many other small changes for performance and bug fixes! :laughing:*